Update Get-CsOnlineUser.md (#10270)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsOnlineUser.md

- `User` - to query for user accounts.
- `ResourceAccount` - to query for app endpoints or resource accounts.
- `Guest` - to query for guest accounts.

> - `SfBOnPremUser` - to query for users that are hosted on-premisis. (available starting January 31st 2023 in the latest TPM versions at that time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SfBOnPremUser` - to query for users that are hosted on-premises (available from January 31, 2023, in the latest TPM versions at that time).
```
